**Graphic States:
state-none-above      -- signifies there is empty space above the building.
state-unnatural-above -- signifies there is a player-made building above the building.
state-unnatural-left -- signifies there is a player-made building to the left of the building.
state-unnatural-right -- signifies there is a player-made building to the right of the building.
state-unnatural-below -- signifies there is a player-made building below the building.
state-adjacent:<block> -- triggered if <block> is within one tile of the base.
state-tick-finished -- triggered when the tick on the entity reaches 0.
state-storage-full -- triggered if the heldItems on the entity is greater than or equal to the allowed storage size.
state-building-above:<building-tag> -- triggered if the given building is above the building.
state-building-left:<building-tag> -- triggered if the given building type is to the left of the building.
state-building-right:<building-tag> -- triggered if the given building type is to the right of the building.
state-building-above-not-state:<state> -- triggered if the building above is NOT in the given state.


**Tick Complete:
item:<item>:<behavior> -- adds <item> to the entity's inventory, as well as a follow up <behavior> to queue.
queue-harvest-behavior:<behavior>:<item-tag> -- adds <behavior> to the behavior queue, with building as the first param and the item-tag as the second.


**Reset:
no-held-items-- signals that the tick should restart if the entity is holding no item.


**Behavior Commands:
add-clay:int - Tells the golem to increase it's clay by the given amount.
add-mana:int - Tells the golem to increase the city's mana by the given amount.
build:building-entity,building-entity - Tells the golem to move to the first parameter, and start construction on the second parameter.
create-golem:abstract-entity - creates a golem at the given entity.
consume-claimed - consumes all claimed items the entity is holding.
consume-claimed-construction:building-entity - consumes all claimed items the building is holding
hide - Hides the golem until a show command, the behavior finishes, or the behavior fails.
produce-item-on-golem:<item-tag> - Produces an item on the executiing golem.
seek:abstract-entity - Tells the golem to seek the given parameter on the map.
seek-claimed-construction-items - Tells the golem to seek the items for the building under construction.
seek-claimed-items - Tells the golem to gather the claimed items for the building it has claimed.
seek-generic-building:building-tag - Tells the golem to seek a building of the given type on the map.
seek-storage - Tells the golem to find a storage building with available space.
show - Reveals a golem made invisible with 'hide'
store-all - Takes all items from the executing entity and puts them in the building the executing entity is on.
store-item:item-tag - Takes the item from the executing entity and puts it in the building the executing entity is on.
take-item:item-tag:abstract-entity - Takes the given item from the from the abstract entity and gives it to the executing entity.


**Behavior Weight:
closest-to-point - higher weight for being closer to the given point.
low-mana - higher weight if mana is low.
low-clay - higher weight if clay is low.
can-build-golem - higher weight if there's a slot open to create a golem.
no-storage - weight if no storage exists from the executing golem.
calculate-extra-building-weight:BuildingEntity - multiplies the weight if the golem and building meet the correct conditions.


**Require:
claim-building:building-entity - Tells the golem to claim the given building.
claim-construction-items:building-entity - Claims the items required to construct the building. 
claim-generic-building:building-tag - Tells the golem to find a building and declare it in use.
claim-house = Claims a building marked as a house.
claim-items:item-tag,item-tag...item-tag - Tells the golem to claim the selected items, and bring them to the claimed building.
entity-not-holding-item - checks if there's an item in the golem's inventory.
entity-not-holding-unnecessary-item:building-entity - checks if there's an item in the golem's inventory, only if the building construction requires items.
storage-exists-from-entity:abstract-entity - checks if a storage is available on the map relative to the abstract-entity.
storage-exists-from-golem - checks if a storage is available on the map relative to the golem doing the behavior.
house - checks if there is an available house on the map.
exists:item-tag - checks if the given item is available from the golem's location. Note: exists only looks for one item. Multiple exists will not work if they're all looking for the same item.


**Transform
flanked - checks if the tile has blocks on the left and right of it.
flanked-support - checks if the tile has support blocks on the left and right of it.